her name is sneak around living designer of
and explain to me how you started in this profession sending clothes brought clothes
london and well there right when I thought about
start designing will start
so it is expected that psoe be detached because in Beijing this specialist what in the
car
It's a pity that I love women's music, it would be projected
you saw a lot
our patterns have nothing to do with Victorian patterns that do not
you could not breathe practically anyway they do not stop arriving a
some interior structure
would take to the movies pieces what he does in the world because he estimated
madrid 15 ene we put everything out metal
they are the heroes that were formerly used
these data do they expressly do
in this case to be a destination positions zipper also all this is
fixed manhattan fine
conti already felt because those who reduce more as they can reduce
the outline pesito endures given all
or you have trained you can also produce the waist very much
really the normal thing is about 8 centimeters
I always compare some heels is a bit the same night is not the most
comfortable the world
but the agreement must do is incredible do not relate it to exile
deservedly
It is also a pity that the sixth is becoming very fashionable
you're seeing a lot of catwalk
this way harvests and the 140 euros
It's good that I'm in prison but in everything and that's as much as
180 with everything else a garment like this
that's why the 600 euros
maybe right now the most expensive item we have